I did a bother you see in women girls
say those things I mean what do you
think was going through is a trick
that's all I can say what he said good
these are right you dumb i omega red
yeah it's a wild man that's a 10 you
took out no way know when I see one
somewhere no man time and then there now
we repeat this record the man is 7 the
man is 700 the neck got 610 no open zero
wins seven losses amis 007 okay what
prompted you to knock out six times what
prompted you to go confront him know
what was that light where you try to get
in his face you know you know he's fight
they fight against myself so they barely
seen anything this is just something
negative towards my son
so my fame is dead I'm gonna let him
know that he can just get up here and
running his mouth like you think he's
for the right its mouth because he's my
baby man I didn't tell you that right
now and this my face just spitting out
gab just beginning yeah I do some do it
you think he wanted me but see see I got
to get forget but see the whole thing is
when I was up there like this he was
telling me hey hit me right here it
won't tell you to hit him right there
man hey I read enough i hear the right
day gonna sleep any damn way so now now
he tells me the hidden now now he's
looking over there for the police to
come get me soon after Haiti already
know what to do what I didn't go for
that man that's old news